The set of variables that appairs in the final tidy dataframe are:

For each subject, there are the following variables:

subject: Identifies the subject who performed the activity. Its range is from 1 to 30.
activity: The activity that was performed by the subject.
set: Identifies if the subject was part of the test or the training set.


('-XYZ' is used to denote 3-axial signals in the X, Y and Z directions.)

Time Body Accelerometer  Mean ()-XYZ: The average of the accelerometer 3-axial body acceleration signals mean, when the signals captured at a constant rate of 50 Hz and filtered using a median filter and a 3rd order low pass Butterworth filter with a corner frequency of 20 Hz to remove noise.
Time Body Accelerometer  Standard Deviation ()-XYZ: The average of the accelerometer 3-axial body acceleration signals standard deviation, when the signals captured at a constant rate of 50 Hz and filtered using a median filter and a 3rd order low pass Butterworth filter with a corner frequency of 20 Hz to remove noise.
Frequency Body Accelerometer  Mean ()-XYZ: The average of the accelerometer 3-axial body acceleration signals frequency mean, calculated by application of a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) to Time Body Accelerometer  Mean ()-XYZ.
Frequency Body Accelerometer  Standard Deviation ()-XYZ: The average of the accelerometer 3-axial body acceleration signals frequency standard deviation, calculated by application of a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) to Time Body Accelerometer  Standard Deviation ()-XYZ.

Time Body Accelerometer  Magnitude  Mean (): The average of the Time Body Accelerometer  Mean ()-XYZ magnitude, calculated using the Euclidean norm.
Time Body Accelerometer  Magnitude  Standard Deviation (): The average of the Time Body Accelerometer  Standard Deviation ()-XYZ magnitude, calculated using the Euclidean norm.
Frequency Body Accelerometer  Magnitude  Mean (): The average of the Time Body Accelerometer  Magnitude  Mean () frequency mean, calculated by application of a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT).
Frequency Body Accelerometer  Magnitude  Standard Deviation (): The average of the Time Body Accelerometer  Magnitude  Standard Deviation () frequency mean, calculated by application of a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT).

Time Body Accelerometer Jerk Mean ()-XYZ: The average of the Time Body Accelerometer  Mean ()-XYZ, derived in time to obtain Jerk signals.
Time Body Accelerometer Jerk Standard Deviation ()-XYZ: The average of the Time Body Accelerometer  Standard Deviation ()-XYZ, derived in time to obtain Jerk signals.
Frequency Body Accelerometer Jerk Mean ()-XYZ: The average of the Time Body Accelerometer Jerk Mean ()-XYZ frequency mean, calculated by application of a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT).
Frequency Body Accelerometer Jerk Standard Deviation ()-XYZ: The average of the Time Body Accelerometer Jerk Standard Deviation ()-XYZ frequency mean, calculated by application of a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT).

Time Body Accelerometer Jerk Magnitude  Mean (): The average of the Time Body Accelerometer Jerk Mean ()-XYZ magnitude, calculated using the Euclidean norm.
Time Body Accelerometer Jerk Magnitude  Standard Deviation (): The average of the Time Body Accelerometer Jerk Standard Deviation ()-XYZ magnitude, calculated using the Euclidean norm.
Frequency  Body  Accelerometer Jerk Magnitude  Mean (): The average of the Time Body Accelerometer Jerk Magnitude  Mean () frequency mean, calculated by application of a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT).
Frequency  Body  Accelerometer Jerk Magnitude  Standard Deviation (): The average of the Time Body Accelerometer Jerk Magnitude  Standard Deviation () frequency mean, calculated by application of a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT).



Time Gravity Accelerometer  Mean ()-XYZ: The average of the accelerometer 3-axial gravity acceleration signals mean, when the signals captured at a constant rate of 50 Hz and filtered using a median filter and a 3rd order low pass Butterworth filter with a corner frequency of 20 Hz to remove noise.
Time Gravity Accelerometer  Standard Deviation ()-XYZ: The average of the accelerometer 3-axial gravity acceleration signals standard deviation, when the signals captured at a constant rate of 50 Hz and filtered using a median filter and a 3rd order low pass Butterworth filter with a corner frequency of 20 Hz to remove noise.

Time Gravity Accelerometer  Magnitude  Mean (): The average of the Time Gravity Accelerometer  Mean ()-XYZ magnitude, calculated using the Euclidean norm.
Time Gravity Accelerometer  Magnitude  Standard Deviation (): The average of the Time Gravity Accelerometer  Standard Deviation ()-XYZ magnitude, calculated using the Euclidean norm.



Time Body Gyroscope  Mean ()-XYZ: The average of the gyroscope 3-axial body acceleration signals mean, when the signals captured at a constant rate of 50 Hz and filtered using a median filter and a 3rd order low pass Butterworth filter with a corner frequency of 20 Hz to remove noise.
Time Body Gyroscope  Standard Deviation ()-XYZ: The average of the gyroscope 3-axial body acceleration signals standard deviation, when the signals captured at a constant rate of 50 Hz and filtered using a median filter and a 3rd order low pass Butterworth filter with a corner frequency of 20 Hz to remove noise.
Frequency Body Gyroscope  Mean ()-XYZ: The average of the gyroscope 3-axial body acceleration signals frequency mean, calculated by application of a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) to Time Body Gyroscope  Mean ()-XYZ.
Frequency Body Gyroscope  Standard Deviation ()-XYZ: The average of the gyroscope 3-axial body acceleration signals frequency standard deviayion, calculated by application of a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT) to Time Body Gyroscope  Standard Deviation ()-XYZ.

Time Body Gyroscope  Magnitude  Mean (): The average of the Time Body Gyroscope  Mean ()-XYZ magnitude, calculated using the Euclidean norm.
Time Body Gyroscope  Magnitude  Standard Deviation (): The average of the Time Body Gyroscope  Standard Deviation ()-XYZ magnitude, calculated using the Euclidean norm.
Frequency  Body  Gyroscope  Magnitude  Mean (): The average of the Time Body Gyroscope  Magnitude  Mean () frequency mean, calculated by application of a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT).
Frequency  Body  Gyroscope  Magnitude  Standard Deviation (): The average of the Time Body Gyroscope  Magnitude  Standard Deviation () frequency mean, calculated by application of a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT).

Time Body Gyroscope Jerk Mean ()-XYZ: The average of the Time Body Gyroscope  Mean ()-XYZ, derived in time to obtain Jerk signals. ('-XYZ' is used to denote 3-axial signals in the X, Y and Z directions.)
Time Body Gyroscope Jerk Standard Deviation ()-XYZ: The average of the Time Body Gyroscope  Standard Deviation ()-XYZ, derived in time to obtain Jerk signals. ('-XYZ' is used to denote 3-axial signals in the X, Y and Z directions.)

Time Body Gyroscope Jerk Magnitude  Mean (): The average of the Time Body Gyroscope Jerk Mean ()-XYZ magnitude, calculated using the Euclidean norm.
Time Body Gyroscope Jerk Magnitude  Standard Deviation (): The average of the Time Body Gyroscope Jerk Standard Deviation ()-XYZ magnitude, calculated using the Euclidean norm.
Frequency  Body  Gyroscope Jerk Magnitude  Mean (): The average of the Time Body Gyroscope Jerk Magnitude  Mean () frequency mean, calculated by application of a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT).
Frequency  Body  Gyroscope Jerk Magnitude  Standard Deviation (): The average of the Time Body Gyroscope Jerk Magnitude  Standard Deviation () frequency mean, calculated by application of a Fast Fourier Transform (FFT).
